# GitHub Pages
Hi everyone! This is a repository for my projects. To view them, click the links below:
* **Color Game** (*HTML, CSS, and JavaScript*): This is an interactive game that tests a player's knowledge of RGB values. An RGB value is defined as RGB(red, blue, green). Each parameter defines the intensity of the respective color as an integer between 0 and 255, where 255 is the maximum intensity. To play, you select a square that you think has a color matching the RGB value posted at the top of the page. You keep playing until the right square has been found!
  * https://deckardmehdy.github.io/Color-Game/
* **myPath** (*HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and jQuery*): This is a visualizing tool that shows how different pathfinding algorithms work. The program's objective is to go from the start cell to the end cell using a pathfinding algorithm. You can draw walls by clicking or holding down the mouse over cells. Once the algorithm has found the start cell, the optimal path will be illuminated in yellow. Additionally, mazes can be generated by selecting an algorithm from the 'Mazes' tab. ***This project is not suitable for mobiles or older versions of browsers. Google Chrome or Safari work best.***
  * https://deckardmehdy.github.io/myPath/
   * **Pathfinding Algorithms:** A*; Breadth-First Search; Depth-First Search; Greedy Best-First Search; Modified Jump Point Search; Dijkstra.
   * **Maze Generating Algorithms:** Random (uses recursive backtracking); Recursive Division; Recursive Division (horizontal skew); Recursive Division (vertical skew); Simple Spiral.
